>> Kyle Simpson: Here's
an example that tries to
point out that it's not a snapshot.
And this is one of the perpetual
frustrations that developers seem to have.
They get this idea, okay closure,
but then they immediately jump
to the assumption that that means
that I'm snapshoting a value.
That I'm capturing some
value at some moment.
That is not what closure is.
Closure has not got anything to do with
the values at all, as a matter of fact.
You don't close over a value.
I've seen that countless
times in blogs and books.
There is no such thing, that is nonsense,
there's no such thing as
closing over a value.
You close over a variable, which means
you have a linkage to that variable.
Which means at the time you access it,
you're seeing whatever value that variable
has at that moment, not it had before.
Here in this example when I create
the myTeacher function on line 3,
at that moment teacher has the value Kyle.
And then later I change
teacher to the value Suzy.
And then line 9 when I execute
the function what's it gonna print?
Not Kyle, we didn't close over the value
Kyle, we closed over the variable teacher.
And when we execute that function,
we're gonna access the value of it.
It is a live link to all the variables
that you are closed over.
So don't think of closure
as capturing values,
think of it as preserving
access to variables.
>> Kyle Simpson: The place where this
bites people the most, the most classic
canonical example, is whenever you try to
create closures inside of a for loop, or
inside of any kind of looping mechanism.
Not usually with timers, but that's
just a convenient illustration here.
Normally it's like assigning click
handlers to an array of buttons for
example.
And this function, that is being created
in each iteration, it has the appearance
that what it's doing is closing
over the i value in each iteration.
So we're expecting it to print out i 1,
i 2, i 3, but
when we run it it prints out 4, 4, 4.
Why?
Cuz there's only one i variable.
There's an i variable on line 1 and
there's only one of them, and
we have three functions.
If we wanted to have three separate
values, how many variables would we need?
This is not hard math.
If we wanted three separate values,
how many variables do we need?
We need three variables, right?
And there's only one, so
of course it can only have the one value.
And in this case,
it's gonna have the value that occurs
at the end of the loop,
which is the value 4.
We can't effectively use closure
until we separate ourselves from that
perception of capturing values.
It's not capturing a value,
preserving access to a variable, okay?
So, if we wanted to solve this problem,
and
we analyzed that,
I need separate variables, we've seen
several multiple different examples
of how to create variables.
If we wanna create more than one
variable with the same name,
we need to make new scopes, right?
So we could do an iffy here, but the much
more common way now that we have ES six,
now that we have blockscoping,
is to just stick a block scoped
declaration in the iteration.
So now let j is going to run
every time the 4 loop iterates.
And it's gonna create a whole new j in
that whole new iteration of the loop.
When we close over it on line 4,
we are closing over a whole new j.
There are three separate js and therefore
we get the values in them 1, 2, and 3.
See the difference between capturing
a value and closing over a variable?
It turns out there's an even, I think
better some people might say trickier, but
there's an even better way
of solving this problem.
Because that perpetual problem
of I'm doing for var i and
my closures aren't capturing the value.
That's been a problem for
JavaScript developers for like 20 years.
They decided with iOS six, well,
why don't we just go ahead and
make it so
that if you use a let on your for
loop we'll automatically create
a new i for each iteration.
Instead of creating just one
that belongs to the whole for
loop here there's gonna be
a brand new i for each iteration.
Which means the closure
just magically works, okay?
The point is if you need multiple
different values being closed over you
need multiple different variables.
You need to close over different
variables, not try to capture values.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yes?
>> Speaker 2: So,
the i is defined actually inside,
even though it's written this way, but is
it actually then defined inside the block?
Is that basically what it is?
>> Kyle Simpson: Yes, it is interpreted
as if each iteration there's a new
declaration of i, and JavaScript takes
care of assigning it the value that it
had that its cousin had at the end
of the previous iteration.
It wires up all that stuff for you.
>> Speaker 3: Is there any other
case were that applies as well or
is that the only one?
>> Kyle Simpson: All of the for
loop forms have a for let variance.
So for here, we have for let of.
We have let,
>> Speaker 4: Each?
>> Kyle Simpson: Well, for
each isn't a syntactic form.
That's a iterator, so
you already get a function with that one.
>> Kyle Simpson: [COUGH] But yeah, for,
for of, and for in, those three syntactic
for loops automatically make their
thing inside of the iteration.
>> Kyle Simpson: By the way,
just as a little tiny detail,
not that many people
are gonna run across this.
But if you did try to use a const there,
you're gonna get an error because that
i++ is trying to modify the variable.
So here you would need to use a let.
So closure is a preservation
of the linkage
to a variable,
not the capturing of the value.